Then you are optimistic
This is impossible
How could a psychopath have an invitation?
This invitation is actually gold-plated
How does this look?
It's even more high-grade than Yusha's invitation letter.
The last fart grade
Lu Ming, you are so stupid and bold!
He actually forged a goblin's call to deceive uncle and get out of the tower
Young Master Yun, what do you mean by saying it's fake?
This lunatic can't even dream of it
All the goblins in the sea
All authorized by the God of War
It will be sent by me on behalf of Jia
There is no gold-plated requirement at all.
Ouch, as expected of Yu Shang
Since you can serve the God of War
Oh, that must be
Mention more gift prices
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
Lao Li
This is the son-in-law you are looking for
Not only a psychopath, but a big liar
Say you are a frog in a well
That's right
You haven't seen me.
That's because your Yu family is not qualified enough.
Are you saying that my Yu family is not qualified enough?
I said that we can't afford the Yu family
Our Li family is not that kind of open-minded
cynical person
Yu Shao walks slowly and does not send
Good main, then we will have a period later.